[Music]
finally people food and welcome to boss
the basics in this episode of bosses
basics but they were doing a really easy
one and they'll be showing you how to
make mashed potato and for our
ingredients I've got about a kilo and a
half of peeled and chopped King Edward
potatoes whose marriage Piper or any
baking potatoes but onion into the
Edwards these have just been peeled and
chopped into even sized chunks we're
gonna be having some butter some milk
we're gonna be Alex it's totally
optional creme fraiche and I'm going to
be seasoning it with some salt and
pepper and a little bit of fresh nutmeg
so the first thing we need to do is
beautiful in our potatoes when I put my
potatoes in a large pan cover them with
some cold water and a bit of salt bring
them up to the boil and with a boiler of
about 10 to 15 minutes until they're
soft not completely falling apart but
soft and then nice and vegetable so I
can add about a teaspoon of salt to this
when our potatoes have come to a hard
boil so let's boil them really quickly
just give them a stir once and then turn
the heat down so they simmer gently
so our potatoes have had 10 minutes and
then you see they're not completely
falling apart we know they're soft
because when I put a knife in them the
knife goes in easily and it just breaks
a potato up so that's when they're ready
you don't really want them any more than
that we're just gonna put the potatoes
on the lowest heat possible for about a
minute just to dry them off but you
don't any of that starchy water they
were boiled in this is an essential you
could just leave it to steam dry I'm
just gonna put them on a low heat for a
minute so our potatoes are lovely fluffy
and dry now we're going to add and milk
and our butter some recipes will tell
you to heat the milk and butter together
that's not a problem you can do that but
I don't find there's any need I don't
want to get another pan dirty so I'm
going to add about 150 mill and milk and
then and this is totally optional I'm
going to add some creme fraiche so then
it's just a matter of mashing potatoes
at this stage you can flavor your mash
with whatever you like some mustard
would be delicious in there you put some
pesto through it
horseradish if you're having it with
beef you could put some spring onions in
there to make some champ but I'm going
to keep this as it is just going to
season it with some salt and pepper and
a little bit of optional nutmeg a little
bit of fresh that makes it supposed to
be optional get you could season this
this has been boss the basics preview
mashed potato thank you very much for
watching and don't forget space fake get
cooking
[Music]
you